[DRC UTLZ-1] Resource utilization: F7 Muxes over-utilized in Top Level Design (This design requires more F7 Muxes cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 34952 of such cell types but only 31700 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device.)
[DRC UTLZ-1] Resource utilization: F8 Muxes over-utilized in Top Level Design (This design requires more F8 Muxes cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 17472 of such cell types but only 15850 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device.)
[DRC UTLZ-1] Resource utilization: LUT as Distributed RAM over-utilized in Top Level Design (This design requires more LUT as Distributed RAM cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 65584 of such cell types but only 19000 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device. Please set tcl parameter "drc.disableLUTOverUtilError" to 1 to change this error to warning.)
[DRC UTLZ-1] Resource utilization: LUT as Memory over-utilized in Top Level Design (This design requires more LUT as Memory cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 65584 of such cell types but only 19000 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device. Please set tcl parameter "drc.disableLUTOverUtilError" to 1 to change this error to warning.)
[DRC UTLZ-1] Resource utilization: MUXF7 over-utilized in Top Level Design (This design requires more MUXF7 cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 34952 of such cell types but only 31700 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device.)
[DRC UTLZ-1] Resource utilization: MUXF8 over-utilized in Top Level Design (This design requires more MUXF8 cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 17472 of such cell types but only 15850 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device.)
[DRC UTLZ-1] Resource utilization: RAMS64E over-utilized in Top Level Design (This design requires more RAMS64E cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 65536 of such cell types but only 19000 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device.)
[DRC UTLZ-1] Resource utilization: Slice LUTs over-utilized in Top Level Design (This design requires more Slice LUTs cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 92598 of such cell types but only 63400 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device. Please set tcl parameter "drc.disableLUTOverUtilError" to 1 to change this error to warning.)
[Place 30-574] Poor placement for routing between an IO pin and BUFG. If this sub optimal condition is acceptable for this design, you may use the CLOCK_DEDICATED_ROUTE constraint in the .xdc file to demote this message to a WARNING. However, the use of this override is highly discouraged. These examples can be used directly in the .xdc file to override this clock rule.
	< set_property CLOCK_DEDICATED_ROUTE FALSE [get_nets rst_IBUF] >

	rst_IBUF_inst (IBUF.O) is locked to IOB_X0Y130
	 and rst_IBUF_BUFG_inst (BUFG.I) is provisionally placed by clockplacer on BUFGCTRL_X0Y31
